Hello and welcome back to Angular 2 essential
training.
In this section we’re going to be talking
about how to use Inputs and Outputs to pass
data between our parent/child components . In
doing so, we’ll discuss some very important
subjects which include: what makes up a nested
component, how to use the Input and Output
decorators.
And how to create custom events and then bind
to their output using the EventEmitter.
I’ll be presenting these concepts first
in slides and then inside of our application.
Our main example is going to be a Favorite
Component that’s going to allow us to click
a heart icon in order to save a book as a
favorite.
I’ll make sure to go slow and present these
ideas thoroughly since this section can be
a bit confusing.
So I encourage you to code along with me and
then practice on your own editing and testing
out these different features.